Jeonbuk National University (JBNU; 전북대학교; 全北大學校; Jeonbuk Daehakgyo) is located in the historical city of Jeonju, Republic of Korea. As the flagship national university for the Jeollabuk-do Province, it was founded in 1947 by the provincial fund within the framework of the Korean national university system, following the liberation of the country.


JBNU has grown to 17 colleges (including Faculty of Public Policy and Jimmy Carter School of International Studies) and 14 graduate schools (one general, nine specialized and four professional schools).


For approximately 32,000 students, and 2,400 full-time and part-time professors (as of October 2016), Jeonbuk National University provides with high-quality educational, research and support facilities, cooperating with various institutions worldwide.


JBNU symbol is Korean Panther is a clever, courageous and infallible animal that represents Jeonbuk National University’s spirit moving forward with wisdom and bravery.


JBNU motto is Freedom, Justice and Creativity.


JBNU has three campuses, Jeonju campus, Iksan campus and Gochang campus.
Started with 2,700 students of 5 colleges with 16 departments by integrating Jeonju Myeongnyun School and Gunsan Hakgwan into Iri Provincial Agricultural College in 1946, Chonbuk National University has grown up to a leading region-base university currently having 2 professional schools, 22 faculties with 36 departments in 14 colleges, and graduate school and special graduate schools.
The School of International Studies began as an international faculty in 2013 and was renamed to the Jimmy Carter School of International Studies in 2016. In 2018, Global Frontier College and The School of International Studies were established.The department, created through interdisciplinary integration, aims to foster specialists, creative talents, and critical and democratic citizens of the world in an era of globalization. They are responsible for international development cooperation, international relations, and law. School of International Engineering and ScienceThe department is newly established in the Jeonju Campus of Chonbuk National University in 2018. It provides education and research with 10 domestic undergraduate students and foreign students every year.
It features a curriculum of interdisciplinary convergence in the wave of the fourth industrial revolution represented by artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things(IOT), and various problems. In order to meet the purpose of this department, all lectures will be conducted in English. Graduates of the department will be trained as future global talents and expected to act as university professors, researchers, founders, and technology planners.


Chonbuk National University, "Global Frontier College" is a new model of international university established for the first time in a national university to cultivate human resources for the global era. Global Frontier College "was established in March 2018 in response to the expansion of the market for higher educational internationalization and an increase in interest in the development model of Korean education amongst emerging economies. Global Frontier College has two departments, the "School of International Engineering and Science" and "The School of International Studies", and each curriculum is divided into English and Korean tracks.
Global Frontier College aims to cultivate the global mind of Korean students and nurture next generation leaders who are competitive in the industry, and to set up various programs within industry-academia-college to create students who can help strengthen the competitiveness of local industries. In addition, we aim to cultivate international development cooperation experts with humanities and sociology skills by helping foreign students understand Korean and Korean culture, and providing them with systematic management for early adaptation to university life.
School of International Engineering and Science : Fostering global engineering talent with creative and innovative thinking. The department is a newly established faculty that is based on the new paradigm of engineering that has recently begun to develop. It aims to integrate artificial intelligence as well as various academic disciplines such as chemistry, physics, electricity, electronics, and chemical engineering.
The School of International Studies : Fostering professional international field specialists with practical skills. The department aims to develop experts in international development cooperation with the philosophy of peace, human rights, and development based on the interdisciplinary fusion of international development, international relations, international management, and economics.


The School of International Studies was founded in 2018, School of International Engineering and Science was founded in 2018, Global Frontier College was founded in 2018. Renamed as Jimmy Carter School of International Studies in 2016. Faculty of International Studies(FIS) was founded in 2013.


Welcome to visit Global Frontier College Web Page. Dean’s message. Kang-Moo Heo
Global Frontier College, which was established in 2018, consists of the School of International Engineering and Science and The School of International Studies (Jimmy Carter International Cooperation Major).
The School of International Engineering and Science is a newly established faculty in accordance with the new paradigm of engineering that has recently begun to develop, and aims to integrate various disciplines into educational research. The goal of this faculty is not only to create new industrial technology to produce electronic circuits, sensors, devices and various electronic products by integrating advanced nanotechnology, but also to acquire the knowledge of various fields such as chemistry, physics, electricity, electronics, and materials. The goal is to nurture internationally integrated engineering leaders through independent research and learning.
The School of International Studies has established a specialized curriculum that enables students to systematically understand local politics, culture, law, and social phenomena, and to plan problem-solving policies based on this understanding. In addition, we have established a specialized linkage major program for international development cooperation, and a variety of international development cooperation capacity building programs to develop in-depth theoretical knowledge related to international development cooperation.
Global Frontier College is pursuing its Vision as a leading research center in the Northeast Asian era as an educational institution that fosters professionals who contribute to society development and intellectualism and a center for industry-academia cooperation that promotes regional innovation. In addition, we are making efforts to contribute to the local community through the development of students' potential, and to contribute to the community as a thought resource for community development.
Sang Jung Lee is a General manager and he has duties of Budget and accounting related work, Planning tasks, Amendments such as school rules and regulations, Facility Maintenance, Faculty (full-time and non-professional), Evaluation and evaluation work of faculties' work, University / Graduate school graduation and graduation work,Salary, benefits and deductions.
Hyunju Tae is an Official and he has duties of handling transfers, managing other related affairs, overseeing scholarships, issuing student awards and certificates, processing changes in student status, managing registration fees, and handling other student-related administrative tasks.
Eun Hee Kim has duties of managing undergraduate/graduate school curriculum, overseeing major assignments, handling matters related to double majors, minor majors, and teaching professions, managing university/graduate school admissions for domestic and international students, managing HR personnel and services (including training and business trips), providing education and guidance to faculty members (teaching assistants), ensuring personal information protection, and handling general affairs-related work.
Alien registration requirements are application form, passport, photo, tuition fee payment receipt, certificate of admission, certificate of enrollment, insurance certificate, proof of residency. Alien registration has a fee of 30000 krw.
Visa change requirements are Application form which is available on the website, alien card, passport, photo, tuition fee payment receipt, certificate of admission, certificate of enrollment, insurance certificate, proof of residency. Visa change has a fee of 130000 krw.
Visa extension requirements are Application form which is available on the website, alien card, passport, photo, tuition fee payment receipt, certificate of admission, certificate of enrollment, insurance certificate, proof of residency, proof of staying expenses if the grade is lower than C. Visa extension fee is 60000 krw.
D-10 Visa requirements are Application form, Alien card, passport, graduation certificate, official transcript, plan for seeking employment, proof of residency. It has a fee of 130000 krw. The place of this application is Jeonju Immigration Office.
Part-time job requirements are Application form, Business registration card, transcript and Alien card.


Academic scholarship type 1 eligibility is student has to be in the top 1-2 student in the Official language proficiency score. This scholarship provides 100% fee waiver. Type 2 scholarship is 100% fee waiver, and top 3-5 students in Official language proficiency score. Type 3 scholarship is for recipient of TOPIK level 5 or higher, or IELTS 7.5.
Academic scholarship for students from second semester, 20% waiver fee, highest gpa students are selected, usually gpa with over 2.75 and at least 15 credits need to be acquired. For a 100% academic scholarship, students need gpa over 3.63 or higher, students will be chosen with highest academic scores.
Academic scholarship for graduate students only for selected students with excellent academic and language test scores. The fee waiver is 50% reduction. There is also research scholarship for students who receive recommendation by their advisor, the fee waiver for research scholarship is 50% reduction. For students participating in BK project, masters can receive upto 700000 krw for a month, doctors can receive 1300000 krw for a month.
Tuition fee for Undergraduate Engineering is 2670500 krw.
Tuition fee for Graduate Engineering is 3516000 krw.
Tuition fee for arts is 2743500 krw for undergraduates and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 3616500 krw.
Tuition fee for Natural Sciences and Agriculture is 2497000 krw for undergraduates and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 3280500krw.
Tuition fee for Medicine and Dentistry is 3592000 krw for undergraduates with 1~2 grades, and for 3~6 grades the fee is 5485000 krw and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 4856500 krw.
Tuition fee for Veterinary Medicine is 2497000 krw for undergraduates with grade from 1 to 2, and for grade from 3 to 6 it is 2.808500 and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 3888000 krw.
Tuition fee for Mathematics is 2000500 krw for undergraduates and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 2595000 krw.
Tuition fee for Pharmacy is 3545000 krw for undergraduates and for graduate level there is tuition fee of 3813500 krw.
The Office of International Cooperation is located on the third floor New Silk Road Center.Purposes it provide.Contain establishing MU with various institutions, operating international programs, exchanging students, inviting and welcoming international guests, publishing promotional materials in various languages.Then we have Language Education Center, Korean language classes, certificates and official trial tests. It is located in the first floor New Silk Road center.
Center for International Student Services is located in the third floor New Silk Road Center.It provides services of helping with international admissions and scholarships, operating cultural exchange programs, consulting and supporting international students.We have Central Library located near College of Engineering and Second Library is located near College of Engineering. 2. Low Library, Medical Library, Dental Library, Iksan Library. These libraries have a collection of 1.6 million books and ebooks, subscribing 10 + 1000 academic publications, providing 70 plus academic database services. For example ejournals, web databases, ebooks.Opening and reading a viewing rooms to local residents. Equipping with digitalized rental reservation system. Furnishing with personal and group study rooms.
There are a lot of dormitories in this university. For example, Chambit-kwan for international students, Daedong-kwan for boys only, pyeonghwa-kwan for girls only, Saebit-kwan, Hanbit-kwan, Hyemin-kwan for medical students, Woongbi-kwan in specialized campus Iksan, Cheongwoon-kwan located in Iksan, Jinli-kwan for long distance staff and part-time professors.
When it comes to restaurants and shops, there is a restaurant in the first floor Student Union Building #2 and there is another restaurant in the first floor of Ozone Kwan.Near College of Engineering.And there is another restaurant in the first floor at Medical Student Union Building, which is a College of Medicine.And there is coffee shop in the first floor.Add Student Union Building #1 near clock tower.And there is another coffee shop first floor at Chonbuk National University Museum near Old Gate.And there is another coffee shop in the first floor at Central Library near College of Engineering.And when it comes to convenience stores, it is located in the first floor at Student Union Building #1.And there is another convenience store in the first floor at Central Library near College of Engineering.Stationary store is in the first floor at Student Union building. Number one bookstore is in the same place and guesthouse Hunjan Gunji House near dormitories. We have a post office first floor at student Union building #2.Near Big schoolyard.
The Health Clinic clinic is Is ready for students. There is general consultation weekdays.For internal medicine and first aid, there is dental Clinic from Wednesday and Friday during the semester and there is Clinical Pathology Examination for Students, Body Composition Test for Body Fat, Visceral Fat Area Diet and Exercise Guide etc.Right, there is radiography.For week days throughout the year to check tuberculosis test for dorm residents and radio graphic examination for dorm residents also.The medical examination for first year undergraduates during March which tests for blood tests, chest X-ray and etcetera. 
How to get to Jeonbuk National University - Incheon International Airport -> Buy bus ticket bound for Jeonju at Exit No. 8 -> Get into the bus bound for Jeonju at bus station No. 9C -> Get off the bus at Jeonju intercity bus station (will take about 3 hours) -> go to Jeonbuk National University by taxi (fare costs you about 5,000 won)