a aaCBNU and the Jeollabuk-do Office of Education Join Hands for Middle and High School EducationaCBNU and the Jeollabuk-do Office of Education have agreed to work together on improving middle and high school education in this province. The two organizations held a joint agreement ceremony on July 10th. Major officials, including CBNU President Kim Dong-won and Education Superintendent Kim Seung-hwan, attended the signing ceremony. The agreement was held to spur the development of middle and high school education by establishing cooperative relations between the two organizations. Relative to the agreement, the two organizations will push for innovation in middle and high school education, as well as expand support for education and educational services. They also promised to hold a joint research and academic conference, which would aim to improve teachers' professionalism and to provide a venue for the exchange of information, academic resources, and materials to aid in the development of local talent. Superintendent Kim Seung-hwan said, “We will actively cooperate for regional development through substantive agreements. We will also provide various support to help students develop their creativity.”aa aaaaaaaProfessor Kim Jung-moo Carries Out His Second NATO Research ProjectaKim Jung-moo, a professor of the Department of the Electronic Engineering, is going to carry out his second research project of NATO (The North Atlantic Treaty Organization) SPS (Science for Peace & Security). Since the establishment of the NATO Military Committee, NATO SPS has felt the need for joint scientific research. Therefore,NATO has invested in the scientific research since 1958. Professor Kim was the first Korean to conduct research on behalf of NATO SPS in 2014 and won the ‘2018 NATO SPS Partnership Prize’ in recognition of his achievements. The subject of his research for the next three years is 'Nerve Agent Detection Using a Compact Infrared Sensor' and he is going to implement small sensor modules that detect nerve gas using 'Surface Plasma Residence' effects. Professor Kim said, “We will raise CBNU’s status and strive to be acknowledged for research skills so that CBNU can attract more international cooperation projects.”aa aaaaaaaCBNU Helps Jeollabuk-do Company’s Export to VietnamaThe CBNU Startup Support Center and several other institutions sent 14 companies from Jeollabuk-do to Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam, from June 30 to July 5 and successfully completed the project, generated $2,800,000 as a result. The CBNU Startup Support Center, which has participated in the Global Market Reform Group for five years, has been striving to improve the export market by promoting excellent products from small and mediumsized enterprises in Jeollabuk-do, despite the difficult export environment. Kwon Tae-kyu, head of the Startup Support Center said, “We will try to find good companies in Jeollabuk-do through this Market Reform Group and expand the exchange sector so that best export products from local companies will make inroads into the global market.”aa aaaaaaaFive Professors from CBNU Win the National Science and Technology Excellence AwardaFive professors from CBNU won the Science and Technology Excellence Award by the Korean Federation of Science & Technology Societies. Professor Kim Bum-seo won the prize for his paper, ‘Lactobacillus Aggravate Bile Duct Ligation-Induced Liver Inflammation and Fibrosis in Mice’. Professor Kim Jae-su was honored as his paper ‘Tenebrio molitor-mediated entomopathogenic fungal library construction for pest management’. Professor Ryang Woo-hun won the award for his paper titled 'Gugokri-Nongdari Sedimentary Succession and Environment in the Southwestern Eumsung Basin'. Professor Lee Hong-seok won the award for his paper titled 'Synthesis and Characterization of Water Soluble Fluorescent Copper Nanoparticles'. Professor Chang Jaewoo won the award for his paper 'A Splitting Technique of Hardware Transactional Memory in Multicore In-Memory Databases'. This award, which the professors received, comes from the most prestigious science and technology organization in Korea.aa aaaaaaaProfessor Park Jong-yeon’s Article Published in the ‘Science’.aProfessor Park Jong-yeon, department of Earth and Environmental Sciences, his article has been published in the world best science magazine ‘Science’ for marine ecosystem prediction. The article shares seasonal to multiple year predictions of a marine ecosystem using a global Earth system model. The climate model could be described as a digitized Earth with computer-generated language. Laws of physics within the Earth's atmosphere, such as molecular interactions could also be explained. Scientists working on the climate model, called Human-made Earth, have tested theories and been able to predict the climate of the future. Using the model, Professor Park demonstrated not only a physical climate change, but also the bio-geo-chemical variable of the ocean and inter-annual variability. Professor Park said, "using the climate model could prove to be useful for health care, agriculture and fisheries. We will expand the studies and provide the climate change information for future climate predictions."aa aaaaaaaCBNU Hosts Camp for Learning Five Southeast Asian Languages.aBeginning July 15 , a camp was held for five times a week for two weeks to learn several Southeast Asian languages, specifically: Malay-Indonesian, Thai, Myanmar and Cambodian languages. There was also a special lecture and a screening of films about Southeast Asia and South East Asia. This camp hosted by CBNU, provided a free language learning program involving professional instructors from Busan University of Foreign Studies, attracted a lot of popularity, with 150 students in attendance. At the opening ceremony, CBNU President Kim Dong-won said, "The government is now involved in a number of cooperative projects with Southeast Asian countries. With this in mind, good verbal communication and cultural exchange is important and necessary, so we will continue to support this camp every year."aa aaaaaaaAfrican Students Experience Korean CultureaOn July 13th, African students experienced wearing hanbok and attending a traditional Korean wedding ceremony at Jeonju Hanok Village. They were majoring in Animal Science & Biotechnology, and were visiting CBNU for a training project. They came from various African nations, including: Ghana, Nigeria, Rwanda, Botswana, Uganda, Zimbabwe, and Kenya. Their schedules involved Korean language lessons in the mornings and lectures related to their major in the afternoons over the course of five weeks, until August 9th. In their free time on the weekends, they were introduced to various Korean activities such as making bibimbap, making traditional fans, playing traditional musical instruments, and the art of traditional dyeing. Tapiwa Atang Sentle, a student from Botswana, said, "Korean and major classes were difficult. But I was very happy to experience the diversity of Korea. I hope that I will be able to develop my capacity and experience a new culture at CBNU."aa aaaaaaaCBNU Fosters a Convergence Star SpecialistaFostering a medical person with convergence ability is a necessary requirement because future medical care is based on the fourth industrial revolution. In line with this situation, CBNU leads the way to foster a ‘convergence star specialist’ at CBNU hospital. Through the government’s support, CBNU hospital makes a plan to foster physicianscientists who have convergence ability and lead innovation growth in biomedical industry. In particular, CBNU will connect with CBNU hospital to support a convergence specialists education. It is expected that CBNU can foster a 'star specialist’ because CBNU pursues diversity through exchanges with many universities. In this flow, CBNU is planning to recruit physician-scientists with consortium institutions until the end of 2019 and to build an infrastructure for a remote education system and online convergence until 2020. Kim Jong-suk, who is responsible for this plan, said “This plan is the starting point that grows a hospital’s professional manpower. We will do our best to foster physicians leading the fourth industrial revolution.”aa aaaaaaaCBNU Supports Prototyping Students’ Idea via Idea CampaCBNU startup education center, LINC+ organization held ‘2019 smart device idea camp’ from June 26th to June 28th with Jeonju IT&CT Industry Promotion Agency. In this camp, students had practical education utilizing basics of IoT/ICT and physical device sensor. Furthermore, students could have time to actualize their idea with professional mentors. At the end of camp, there was award of best idea. The teams who got the prizes gained an opportunity to commercialize their idea with startup club support and support from Jeonju IT&CT Industry Promotion Agency. Bae JoonSoo (Department of Industrial Information Systems Engineering) who is the head of CBNU startup education center said “Students participated actively with their passion. Via this camp, we could find outstanding ideas. Now and forever, we will offer continuous management and education program which can lead to successful foundation.”aa aaaaaaaKorea Center on Gambling Problems Carries Out Prevention Campaign in GunsanaKorea Center on Gambling Problems at Jeonbuk which is managed by CBNU, held a gambling prevention campaign at Gunsan city hall on July 5th. This campaign was held as a part of Kunsan mental health center’s Mental Health Workshop. The center of Korea Center on Gambling Problems at Jeonbuk designed this campaign to improve awareness of gambling problems. Through this campaign, participants performed a self-diagnosis on gambling problems using the CPGI (Canadian Problem Gambling Index). Furthermore, participants could recieve counselling on the spot. The Head of the Korea Center on Gambling Problems at Jeonbuk, said, “Recently, gambling problems have become more severe in Jeonbuk. To treat and prevent gambling problems, people’s awareness and attention to risk of gamblings are the most significant. Thus, we will strive to carry out these campaigns”. Meanwhile, of Korea Center on Gambling Problems at Jeonbuk is a professional counseling institute, which offers counseling to gambling addicts and their families, prevention education.aa aaaaaaaKorea Zoonosis Research Institute Elected as Pathogen Resource BankaOn July 10th, the Korea Zoonosis Research Institute (KoZRI) of CBNU was elected by Korea’s Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as a zoonosis pathogen resource bank, which allows them to collect and use pathogen resource materials through both humans and animals can be infected. The system of pathogen resource banks was introduced in order to use the resources suitable for domestic environments and higher accessibility for researchers. Moreover, this system will help to prepare Korea? for the inflow of variants and new types of pathogens. KoZRI will work on collecting, controlling and leasing the pathogens including highly dangerous pathogens, thus proceeding with R&D on pathogen resources. Han Sang-seop, the leader of the institute said, “It is extremely important to collect and preserve zoonoses and highly dangerous pathogens, especially in the Honam area. We are looking forward to helping out the pathogen resource bank and provide the chance to big research programs held both in and out of the country.”aa aaaaaaaStudent Choukrani Ghizlane Receives Awards at the Euro Intelligent Materials 2019 ConferenceaChoukrani Ghizlane of the graduate school received an award during the 4th Euro Intelligent Materials 2019 conference regarding research on cancer targeted treatment. She made a presentation about her research on ‘thermochemistry treatment’s suitability for organisms and production of porosity paramagnetic vaterite particles (PMVP), and in vitro anticancer effectiveness’. The research recommended the composition of globular PMVP which will lead indium nano-particles (IONPs) and DOX particles to be capsule, and thus contain a higher volume of anticancer drug. The point of the research was that when a magnetic field is intensified, it targets the cancer, thus the capsule melts and gets to treat the cancer. The drugs used these days have difficulties in controlling the size and form of the particles, which make limitations on loading suitable volume. This research has unprecedented potential, as it is considered to significantly enhance medical treatments of cancer.aa aa aa aa 