Know What?a  a a aRoh Kyu-lee Editor-in-Chiefa  a a a  a a a2 Years in Prison for Selling Guma?aDid you know that selling and chewing gum is illegal in Singapore? In 1983, a proposal to ban gum was first brought to Lee Kuan Yew, the first prime minister who governed Singapore for three decades, because spitting out gum anywhere was causing troublea maintaining the cleanness of the country. However, he thought that this proposal was too radical so decided not to accept it. Foura years later, Singapore railway system Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) started to run, and this played a crucial role in getting chewing gum banneda in Singapore. Vandals stuck chewing guma on the sensors of the doors of the trains, which caused the failure of a device function. Therefore, Singapore decided to ban spitting and selling gum ain1992. People caught chewing gum afaced a thousand dollara fine, and selling gum might put you in prison for atwoyears. Therapeutic, dental, or nicotine chewing gum was designated as exceptions in 2004.a  a a aThere Is No White Horse in This WorldaThe ahite horse, which usually appears in fairy talesa, is well known as ‘prince charming’ to us all. Well, white horse doesn’t exist genetically. The haair color of a horse is determined by its genes from their parents, and there are normally three kinds of gene: brown, dark brown and black. However, gene G, which is a dominant gene, makes the whole body grey by hiding the other three genes. At least one of aa horse’sparents should be grey to have gene G. This is called ‘The Rule of Grey’. A horse that inherited gene G is born grey with some white hair, and as it gets older, the number of white hairs increases and turns white aall over. It's easy to understand when you think of the principle as human’s hair turning white when you get older. Perhaps the nobility and mystique of the white horse comes from aits years of experience. a  a a aDecember 25atha aisn’t Christmas in Russia?aDecember 25th is Christmas, which is thea day when Jesus Christ was born, and is a worldwide holiday not only for Christians. However, Christmas in Russia is different from other countries. The astatea religion of Russia is Russian orthodox, which 75% of Russians believe in. Russian Orthodoxa originatesa from Eastern Orthodoxy, which was brought in from Byzantine in 983. It was similar to Russian folk religion, so it could be inherited smoothly and contributed to the development of the country and many different kinds of culture. So, what does this have to do with the different date of Christmas in Russia? Well, Russia and other Orthodox countries such as Greece, Serbia, Romania and Ethiopia use the Julian calendar, which was made to revise the error of the Roman calendar. But the year of the Julian calendar was exactly 365 days and 6 hours, which caused an error of 10 days aafter a few centuries. The Gregorian calendar, which is used all over the world was made to correct the error of the Julian calendar, and the year of it is 365 or 366 days. Even though the new revision version awas made, Orthodox countries stuck to using thea Julian calendar, which caused Christmas13 days later ain Russia. In the distant future, there may be differences for more than a month.a  a a aAm I aRelated toa People All Over the World?!aA cahromosome is a rod-shaped structure in our bodiesa which transmits the genetic information of a parent cell to a daughter cell when a cell divides. It consists of DNA and protein, and our genetic information is in our DNA. Humans have the same two sets of 23 chromosomes, which means we all have the same 21,000 protein-encodeda and 30,000 RNAsa (RNA is a highly polymerized compound which is directlyaaffecta awhen DNA synthesizes protein based on its genetic information.) With few exceptions, we all have the same number of organsa and the same chemical reactions occur in our bodies. But ano twohumansa look exactly the same, though they can look similar. These visual differences such as the color of our skin, the shape of our nose or curliness of our hair is a very minor difference. Like thea saying “A penny saved is a penny gained”, these differences are atinya, so we can’t say every human hasa 100% the same genes, but at least awehave 99% of our genes in common. a  a a aEnglish Is Not an Official Language in the United Statesa aIf someone asks you, “What is atheofficial language in the United States?” you maight answer “English”. However, English is a de facto national language in the US, not official. They never had a federala official languagea but have adopted a bill that gives official status to English, which is called the English-only movement. Thirtya of the fifty states ahavea set up English as an official language, while Hawaii set both English and Hawaiian as atheirofficial languages, and Alaska set 20 official languages including English. The U.S. Census Bureau regularly publishes a book about the most common language spoken at home, which also informs people of the English speaking ability of people who adon’tspeak English at home. According to the American Community Survey (ACS), 80% of Americans speak English at home, 12.4% speak Spanish, 3.7% speak Indo-European languages and 3% speak Asian Pacific languages. Korean ranked eighth place among them. English is not ana official language in the United Statesa, but ita is considered to be by most people.