U International/aaPrograms to Take Notice,aaJBNU International Students!aaaaaaa aaYan Natalya, Department of Journalism and CommunicationsaaA student’s life is measured in semesters. The first fall and second spring semester form a year; each semester is a valuable chapter of life. Although in general nothing changes, such as schedules, people, and even the city or country, all these seemingly unchanging details make a difference in your academic life. While adapting to new surroundings is very difficult, one of the most stressful but inevitable experiences international students have is meeting new people. Loneliness is doubled when you are surviving on your own and are foreign to the country. Indeed, studying abroad on your own is difficult. That is exactly why international students should not isolate themselves and should pay attention to the programs from JBNU Center for International Student Services (CISS). The Center is conducting two major programs for international students: Buddy Program and Study Assistant.aaThe International Buddy Program is vital for international students. The aim of this program is to befriend Korean and international students to one another. Students are divided into groups of four people: two local and two international students each. Every group elects a leader, who takes responsibility for any paperwork and connects the team with the CISS. However, the leader’s primary duty is to organize language and cultural exchange. In practice, this means unlimited chatting online, regular group meetings and joint cultural activities such as traditional Korean hanbok experiences, city excursions, or Korean cuisine tasting. Additionally, Korean students would also explain to their “buddies” how to do everything correctly on campus. JBNU is already a massive university, let alone one of the largest university campuses in Korea. There are plenty of academic functions students are supposed to learn how to perform on their own, such as course registration or student card issuance. That is why the Buddy Program is usually suggested for international freshmen.aaSome interesting opportunities to participate in with your buddy team is provided straight from the CISS. The success of the program is reinforced by active interest from both sides. Korean students go out of their comfort zone and make an international network, while foreign students find it easier to acclimate in Korea, become accustomed to a local lifestyle, and most importantly, to understand the ways of locals and Korean mentality. Moreover, the most active team gets awards and scholarships by the program at the end of the official evaluation period at the end of the semester. The International Buddy Program is held on a regular basis every semester. The registration for the 2020 Spring semester begins within the first week of March, but the application schedule may be subject to change. Students should check all of the updates on the official we