 Pioneer in New Siberia, Novosibirska  a a aLee Won-jai, The Dept. of Electronic Engineeringa  a a aThanks to the Office of International Cooperation, I had a chance to go to Novosibirsk in Russia as an exchange student.a  a a aNew Siberia, Novosibirska‘Novo-’a means ‘new’ and ‘-sibirsk’ means ‘Siberia’. Novosibirsk is the third-most populous city in Russia, located in the southwestern part of Siberia. The Siberian railway and other industrial policiesa have lead toa this city agrowing arapidly. aNovosibirsk is also famous for science and cooperates with thea Korean city, ‘Daejeon’. Some people asathat Daejeon refers to the structure of Novosibirsk and that is why this city is really similar to Daejeon.a  a a aBest University in Siberia, NSUaNovosibirsk State University (NSU) is located in ‘Akademgorodok’. ‘Akademgorodok’ is a suburb of Novosibirsk dedicated to science. Following the city’s populous, NSU is also evaluated as the third best university in Russia. There are two buildings in NSU;a the old building and the new building. The new building is very large and has 5 sections. Most Russian universities are sparsely located in their state while most classes are held in the NSU new building so that students do not need to move a lot between classes. Furthermore, plenty of research institutions are located near NSU and frequentlycollaborate with the universitya.a  a a a  a a aThe Life in Novosibirska  a a aBig Data Analysis and Artificial Intelligence(BDA & AI)aIn order to satudya data science, saophisticated mathematical and statistical knowledge isa needed. NSU is an appropriate place to become a data scientist since it is awell-known for instructing fundamental science, includinga mathematics.aThe most impressive thing is that I learned fundamental things aaboutthis area that I usually miss when studying in Korea. In the lecturea ‘Philosophy of Data Science’, I learned why I must learn and need to develop in this area. In ‘Frontier of BDA & AI’, I learneda how to apply this ato my own life. I acan also experience how ato deal with the practical situation of the team project, even though I majored in computer science. In ‘Business Analysis’, I was taught how to organize a team and project and deal with the stakeholders before the start of a development.a  a a aLandmarksaОбское Мореa(Obskoe beach)a: ‘aМореa' means beach in Russian aandObskoe is called a beacheven though it wasa acreated by aarivera. At afirst glancea, it looks like aabeach since I could see the horizon. aI didn’ta know exactly why Russian calls the area aabeach and not a river, but I could guess the reason after I had seen the landscape.aРечной a(Rechnoi, River Side)a a: All roads leada to aРечнойa. Rechnoi is a huge transfer station in Novosibirsk. I strongly recommend this place for couples because there are aa lot of things to do a. Rechnoi has an amusement park, a dock for cruise ships and a place where you can enjoy awater sports.aLenin Squarea: All cities in Russia have a Lenin Square. aTahe Square in Novosibirska has an opera house, a museum and a philharmonic hall wherea we can aobserve Russianculturea. I even asawa ballet performance in the opera house. Russia is well-aknown for ballet and I could enjoy a high-quality performance at a relativelycheap price acompared to Korea.a  a a aTips for Living in Novosibirska  a a aStructure of NSU New BuildingaSince the new building’s structure is a pentagon shape awithfive sections, it is averycomplicated for the freshman at the start of the semesterto find the classrooma. There are four numbers in each room in the new building. The first number means the floor where the room is located. The second number is the section. Then the other two numbers are for counting the room number on the specific floor and section. For example, room number 5210 means that it is the 10atha aroom located in the second section and on the fifth floor in the new building.a  a a aMobile Applicationa2gisa: This is a kind of map application which is the most apopularin Russia.aYandexa: Yandex is a Russian corporation similar to Google. In other words, Yandex is a searcha engine athat provides lots of servicesa asuch as taxi, translation, map and delivery.aМой МТСa(My MTS)a: This is the application that informs you of your telecommunication service state(aonly for athose whouse MTS sim cards). aIat is similar to the ‘Mobile T World’ application in Korea.a  a a aСтоловаяa(Student Restaurant)aUnlike Korea, buffeta in other countries count the cost of each dish ayou eat. It means that the cost of my meal always varies aat thea Student Restaurant but 200 Rubles how much I spenda on average. Compared to other restaurants near the university, it is so cheap athat I have no choice but to eat when I want to save amoney. And even though it isa acheapa, it aserves good quality food and it tastesa good tooa. Isn’t it perfect?a  a a aOther Good Places to EnjoyaAnd that’s not alla, there are a lot of other things I want to introduce about Novosibirska. This is a alista of NSU places that will enhance your Russian experiencea. I recommend searching the words by 2gis and enjoy the Novosibirsk life.a  a a a a a a aRestauranta: Peoples, aЧашка aКофеachashka café), Spot & Choo, Siberian Burger, Veranda.a aSupermarket in Akademgorodoka: aТорговый Центрa, aЯрчеa(Yarche)a aHypermarketa: aГигантa(Gigant), aЕдемa(Edem), aГалереяa(Galleria), aЛертаa(Lenta), aАураa, aМегаa(Mega), aАшанa(Ashan), aИкеаa(Ikea)a a  a a a a a aАураa, aМегаa(Mega), aАшанa(Ashan) and aИкеаa(Ikea) are gathered in athe sameplace.a a a a  a a aMy goal is to enter aamultinational corporation such as Google and Oracle. The experiencae in Novosibirsk ahelpsme pursuea mya goal with vigor. Siberia has a lot of possibility for the future. If you come here, you will agree with my opinion. Faurthermore, can find the aout that anything is possiblefor and your future. Do not hesitate a– ago to Novosibirsk!