take a look at the student council's commitment fulfillment rate.aaaaaaaaa aaIn December 2020, JBNU's 53rd Student Council ‘ON’ was officially launched. It expressed their aspirations to lead JBNU in the right direction in pursuit of balanced development of the three parties, ‘students,’ ‘university,’ and ‘faculty.’ In accordance with their goals, they presented 36 commitments of five categories. It’s time to check the fulfillment rate of a commitment at the end of the first semesteraa aaThe first commitment is 'Reorganization of the School System.' It goals to 'Disclose the Score and Competition Rate of Double Majors and Minors’ has not be fulfilled. But there are more pledges that have not been implemented properly. Examples include ‘Abolition of Tuition Fees for Suspended Graduates’ and ‘Improvement in the Classification of Completion of Teaching Duties.’aa aaThe second is 'Student Participation.' There were a considerable number of commitments fulfilled in the first semester. The National Human Rights Commission has achieved 'Expanding the Proportion of Student Members.' Also, the 'Tuition Review Committee TFT (Task Force Team)’ was created. However, there was no announcement regarding the first semester about the ‘Self-Governing Budget System,’ in which 10 percent of student membership fees was returned to students after screening.aa aaThe third is 'Auditing.' This sector has seen a low rate of performance. Although 'Make a Manual Related to Disasters' has been put forward to respond to various emergencies including COVID-19, it is still there. In addition, there was a 'COVID-19 Settlement Details Disclosure' pledge to check whether the school appropriately used the budget for quarantine in the pandemic situation, but it was not disclosed.aa aaThe fourth is 'Employment and Learning.' To help students learn autonomously, the 'Alliance with Internet Lecture Website' pledge was successful. In addition, while there were many job presentations for many companies, the pledge to create a program to train professionals in connection with public enterprises in the region has yet to be fulfilled.aa aaThe fifth is 'Facility Repair and Safety.’ For students who frequently eat delivery food on campus, the student council fulfilled its pledge to install food waste cans behind the 1st Student Hall, a common facility. However, commitments related to the College of Arts such as ‘Repairing Old Practice Rooms’ and ‘Construct Handles on the Hills of the College of Arts’ have not been kept. To easily calculate the promise fulfillment rate, three categories were created and classified: ‘fulfilled,’ ‘in force,’ and ‘didn't fulfill in the first semester.’ As a result, of the total 36 pledges, eight were fulfilled, n were in force, and seventeen were not fulfilled in the first semester. ‘ON’ still has two months left in office. Therefore, let's keep paying attention to the Student Council's movements.a aaaaaaa