essor Kim Dong-won Takes Office as New President of CBNUa aKim Dong-won, the 18th president of CBNU started his official duties on January 28. President Lee started the first day of his presidential tenure by receiving reports about the inner workings of CBNU and discussing possibilities for setting up a cooperative system. Also, President Kim planned to handle next executive through reorganization and suggest plans about the details of university management through inauguration. President Kim suggested decentralization, empathy and fusion as key words of university management. President Kim said “The university’s organization is similar to a large symphony orchestra. I will be the president like maestro who is considerate and creative.” Prior to being elected President of Chonbuk National University, President Kim served as a professor in the Department of Industrial and Information Systems Engineering; the Dean of the College of Engineering; Graduate School of Industrial Technology; Graduate School of Environmental Studies; and the Innovation Center for Engineering Education. aCBNU Natural History Museum Collaborates with Jeonju Zoo aCBNU Natural History Museum concluded an agreement with Jeonju Zoo to improve the recognition of biodiversity through education and research. Both institutions decided to do collaborative research for major policy, to hold cultural events and to make it possible to use mutual cultural facilities. CBNU’s Natural History Museum announced that they will do their best to be the place where education of biodiversity exists through stuffed specimen rental service and donation of carcass for exhibition of wild animals and education. The Director of CBNU Natural History Museum, Park Jin-ho said, "Collaboration with Jeonju Zoo will be the motive for many people to recognize biodiversity. We will try to have various and practical cooperation with Jeonju Zoo with regards to exhibitions of animals, education and research.” aInnovation Center for Engineering Education Nurtures 25 Aviation Filming Expertsa aCBNU’s Innovation Center for Engineering Education has created a qualification process to nurture aviation filming and editing experts. 25 students from five different universities participated. Its process was about the theory of drones (safety education, aviation law, the principle of flight), drone flying practice (hovering, passing obstacles mission, takeoff and landing), drone assembly and participating in obstacle games with mini drones. Fortunately, all students were honored with their academic achievements and passing certificates in the written and practical exams. The Center’s Director Kim Dong-won said, “It was a good opportunity to expand students’ employment opportunities based on the provision of finding career and attaining relevant certification about the understanding of the drone industry in in this age of the fourth industrial revolution.” aCBNU Professors' Books Chosen as a'The Best Academic Books among Sejong Books'a aThree CBNU professors’ books were selected as excellent academic books among all Sejong Books in 2018. The chosen books are Park Hu-yong's Convergence Knowledge and STEAM Educational Curriculum, Lee Moon-kun's Formal Methods, and Wang Eun-chull’s The politics of the other and literature. The first book suggests theoretical discussions and practical ways that convergence knowledge contributes to nurturing future talented person and how to realize discussions on convergence knowledge in education. Formal Methods is the nation's first professional book about 'formal methods'. Each chapter describes each area’s representative example of formal methods and emphasizes the usefulness of practical examples based on an open tool. Professor Wang’s book points out the order and value system of those days through the works of writers from Islamic, Africa, and British-American nations. These books are distributed to about 700 public libraries in Korea nationwide. aCBNU Supports Agricultural Life and Food Experience Program for International Studentsa aCBNU’s Development of Regional Advancement University Project team proceeded ‘Food cluster road and field experience program’, where international students were able to experience regional strategic industries like agricultural life and food. This program was held from January 16th to 18th with 45 international students from five universities in the Jeonbuk region. Students received training in diverse subjects such as learning how to roast coffee beans and making hand-drip coffee; making Korean red pepper paste; and making pizza with Imsil cheese at the Imsil theme park. One of the project’s personnel shared, “This program will build a virtuous cycle paradigm, which informs overseas about Jeonbuk and tightens up the bonds between foreign students and Jeonbuk.” Meanwhile, CBNU Development of Regional Advancement University Project team has been working for five years to nurture global talents and fulfill a role as a base for training talents and promoting growth by cooperating with local universities. aThe ‘Feeling Korea’ Program Invites Foreign Studentsa aThe "Feeling Korea" program invited students from overseas universities to experience Korean culture. CBNU held a welcoming ceremony on January 21st and a conducted Korean culture experience program for two weeks. During the experience period, students studied Korean grammar and basic conversation by having Korean classes in the morning, and experiencing Korean traditional culture such as seeing a traditional wedding ceremony or making ceramic pottery every afternoon in the Hanok Village. In particular, the winter program included a ski camp. So, this program provided some good memories to students from Indonesia and Guam, who had a hard time with the cold temperatures and enjoyed seeing snow. Yoon Myeong-sook, the president of the CBNU Office of International Cooperation said, "We are currently carrying out personalized programs to enhance the satisfaction of foreign students and hope this will be a great opportunity to inform international students about the excellence of CBNU." a  aCBNU Freezes Tuition for 11 Yearsa aCBNU determined to freeze student tuition fee on January 15th. This decision was made in order to satisfy a social duty as a national flagship university by supporting students' families in current financially challenging situations. CBNU has frozen the tuition fee since 2009 for 11 years, while in 2012 it was decreased by 5.6%. The limited number enrolling students and their family’s financial downhill caused a ‘nationwide’ budget shortage. This will be solved by obtaining government-funding, research expenses, and development funds. In order to protect students’ education and employment, CBNU will concentrate on maintaining fiscal austerity, and attracting government support in education. The president of the CBNU Office of Student Affairs and Career Support, Park Ju-mi said, “The school decided to freeze tuition to relieve the students’ financial burden and to participate in the government policy of aiming for half price tuition fee for low-income families. Our office will also work hard on taking care of students’ welfare and education.” aCBNU Expands International Cooperation on Employment to Latin Americaa aCBNU recently strengthened its international network with Mexico and Chile by visiting the Korean embassies and some universities in these countries. The delegation, including Yoon Myeong-sook, the president of the CBNU Office of International Cooperation, visited the Korean Embassy and the Korean Cultural Center in Mexico from April 15 to 19, 2018. They introduced universities of Jeollabuk-do and explained their plans to attract students who have an interest in Korea. They also discussed ways to shape the internship program with Korean companies in Mexico for the excellent students of Jeollabuk-do. In particular, they decided to expand internship and employment opportunities for the Korean companies through an exchange program with the University of Guanajuato and developing programs for Korean students to enter foreign countries through the internship program. CBNU also visited universities and the embassy of Chile to ask for expanding exchange programs and cooperation. a  aCBNU Holds Family-Friendly Carpentry Festivala aCBNU’s Wood Processing Service Center earned a positive response by processing a carpentry event in which local residents could participate in. As the winter vacation frew closer, children and their families could enjoy the time to experience the superior quality of the timber. Children that accomplished the carpentry tasks such as hammering and sanding the wood by themselves encouraged the festivity. Parents hoped these carpentry events would gain prosperity so that children could experience the timber work activities. President of the Wood Processing Service Center, Lee Yang-soo said, “The center operates programs that help improve the communication between carpentry members every year, with great response. We are developing various programs through improving the environment to develop the wooden field, so please keep an eye on us.” aProfessor Na Seok-in Develops Next Generation Solar Cella aThe research team of Professor Na Seok-in in the Department of of Flexible and Printable Electronics received attention on a global academic scale by developing a high efficiency organic solar cell through a low-cost printing process. This research, led by professor Na Seok-in, graduate student Seo Yiu-hyun, and Park Doo-jin, a doctor in CSIRO (Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation), is performed with support from KEPRI (KEPCO Research Institute), the NRF (National Research Foundation) and CBNU. The results of this research were selected as the cover paper of Advanced Functional Materials, an international journal in materials in last December’s issue. The goal of this research was developing a temperature-controlled slot die printing process system and producing high performing organic solar cells through this system. Professor Na Seok-in said, “The results from this research suggest the possibility of making organic solar cells, large area solar cells through low cost printing techniques and Roll-to-roll. It will be an important turning point of advancing the time organic solar cell’s commercial.” aCBNU Startup Support Center Holds Crowdfunding Campa aThe CBNU Startup Support Center held the ‘Crowdfunding Off Camp’, which supported the startups to have research on their products’ marketability and business value, as well as gain positive responses from the participants. The CBNU Startup Support Center and LINC+ cooperated in preparing this camp. It was held from January 14th to 15th at The Suite Hotel in Namwon, with ten startups partaking. During the camp, crowdfunding experts gave a lecture, and attendees had a chance to prepare practical funding. By this, participants are willing to actively utilize the products after diminishing malfunctions, while they are planning to launch the items in the market after three weeks. Kwon Dae-kyu, the head of the CBNU Startup Support Center, said “To help the new startups overcome the difficulties of gaining marketability opportunities and obtaining business funds, we will keep our focus on supporting them continuously.” aProfessor Han Sang-eon Solves 30-Year Unresolved Problema aRough set theory is an essential theory in computer science. It can contribute to fuzzy theory, data analysis, deep learning, neural network theory and decision making theory. However, creating mathematical theory which can handle both infinite and finite information efficiently by modeling them into finite information has remained a mystery for thirty years and many scholars have striven to solve this problem. Professor Han Sang-eon in the Department of Mathematics Education attracted a lot of attentions by announcing his paper, “Covering rough set structures for a locally finite covering approximation space”, in the Information Sciences magazine. Also, he has been invited to international seminars, to be held in China, Germany and Spain in June and July of 2019. Professor Han said, “Improvement of rough set theory remained unresolved for thirty years despite the fact that it is the most necessary field of computer science. This newly established theory’s utility will be amplified in fields such as computational geometry and applied science by solving existing unresolved problems.” a  