Clinic Center Gives Legal Help to aJBNUaaaaaaaaa aaIn JBNU, there is an institution that can give legal help to school members, including faculty, students and professors. The Legal Clinic Center is located in the new law school building which is behind the College of Humanities No.2. Students frequently face various legal problems regarding school businesses and start-ups, but the lack of a law supporting system causes students to suffer. To help these students, the Legal Clinic Center was opened in February 2007 and has continued to this day. There are eight lawyers-turned-professors and some counseling assistants.aa aaOffering legal advice and operating the legal clinic is the main duty of the Legal Clinic Center. Legal advice is conducted between clients and law school professors. A client can apply for counseling in various ways by calling, visiting the center, and by using the center’s official site. Each consultation is processed differently, sorted by the importance of the case's content. Another primary function is operating a legal clinic. It is a program for law school students. They participate in giving legal advice, which can grow their adaptability of lawyer’s work and analytical skills. Furthermore, they mediate in legal disputes and take part in other activities for public interest.aa aaThrough the Legal Clinic Center, students and school faculty can get free legal advice. They help solve various cases, including school violence, non-payment of part-time wages, commercial transactions, and illegal internet file downloads. Also, local people can get legal advice there. Through this, they are making a significant contribution to the local community. They also offer a chance to learn legal knowledge by holding a law education lecture twice a year. Did you know that the Legal Clinic Center was doing such a meaningful job? It is fortunate that the school has an agency that can help. If you have any problem, don’t hesitate to ask for help. The Legal Clinic Center can help you to get out of a tough situationa aaaaaaa