ting of ten stories above-ground and two underground levels, it accommodates 752 students.aaaaaa©Yoon Ye-rimaaaaHave you heard about JBNU’s new Residence Halla,a Changui Hall? As the sixth Residence Hall of JBNU, construction began in 2020 and opened on August 30th, 2022. It is located next to athe aSchool of Dentistry building No.3 and divided into three sectionsa:a A, B and C. ‘A’ is for men, ‘B’ is for women and ‘C’ is for married students. A and B both include single rooms, twin rooms, and rooms for the disabled (it has handles ain athe bathroom to support athe studenta). The biggest feature is that there are single rooms and a shared kitchen where students can cook with a microwave and stove. The JBNU Globe heard more details from the residents ofa aCahangui Halla.aaThe JBNU Globe interviewed four anonymous students living in aChangui Halla. aThe inconvenience of the old facilities of other residence hallsa where they ahad previously alived, and the proximity of thea Central Library and the College of Engineering building were the main reasons for astudents choosing Changui Hall. aOne of the reasons ahow these students became interested in Changui Hall was by areceiving informational text messages about it. aaHow satisfied are athe residents of Changui Hall regarding its facilities? aFirst of all, its rooms are separated from the balcony and have a shared kitchen.a aThe residents asaid aita is also clean because it is new and has a sturdy fly screen, so there are few bugs. On the other hand, the residents wanted more refrigerators installed because there is currently only one in the shared kitchen.aaThe JBNU Globe interviewed officials of the dormitory. They said, a“we are discussing solutions about the lack of refrigerators.” They are also discussing establishing convenience stores. Changui Hall was built to solve the lack of dormitory capacity issues and to improve the residential environment for students. Students can be assured of living in a safe dormitory because of the latest security facilities. Lastly, the fitness center is scheduled to open in the Hall ain March 2023.aa aaaa©Yoon Ye-rimaaaa aa aa| aLee Da-yeon, Ha Yae-one, Yang Seo-jung, Yoon Ye-rim aReportersa aaaaaaa