ives Support to Cultivate Agricultural Expertsaaaaaaaaa aaJBNU has departments specializing in agriculture. Therefore, it has prepared campus farms in order to provide rich practical experience to agricultural students. The campus farm managed by College of Agricultural Life Science is constructed for experimental training on vegetable studies, horticulture, and orthography that students learn about in the curriculum. It is managed by Professor Park Chul-soo in the Department of Crop Science and Biotechnology and three other professors. Not only academic research, but also practical training of the farming start-up specialization project team is conducted here. The farm is located north of the College of Agricultural Life Science and has a total area of 21,902m2.aa aaIn addition, JBNU owns an animal breeding ground, which is located in two places, in Iksan Campus and in front of the College of Arts at JBNU. It was established to support student education and professors through laboratory practice of livestock farming by raising various livestock and experimental animals. Furthermore, it aims to produce excellent livestock, sell it to general livestock farmers, and spread knowledge and technology about livestock farming to contribute to the development of livestock industry in the Jeollabuk-do community. Animal breeding grounds, located in front of College of Arts, are raising small animals such as rabbits and chickens. The animal breeding grounds located in Iksan Campus are also raising large animals such as cattle, pigs, and horses.aa aaJBNU utilizes campus farms by lending them to community citizens to provide opportunities for participation in eco-friendly urban agriculture. Through these projects, JBNU is promoting communication and harmony between universities and local communities by creating a place for exchange with citizens. Meanwhile, JBNU has established the Department of Smart Farms to foster experts in future agriculture and smart farms, which are fresh industries spotlighted both at home and abroad. The Department of Smart Farm was established in 2021, and a total of thirty freshmen have registered.a aaaaaaa