Campus/aaKwon Sho-young Editor-in-Chief, Gu Seo-yoon and Choi Yoo-chan Reportersaa39 Liberal Arts Courses Turn into General ElectivesaaLiberal Arts Courses for Enrolled Students, General Electives for Freshmenaaaaaaa aaOn the 10th of January, the Institute for Education Innovation announced that the curriculum of JBNU will be reformed. The institute notified students and faculty that thirty-nine liberal arts courses will become newly-organized, and renamed to become general electives or abolished entirely. Therefore, if students who enrolled before 2020 want to register for these subjects, they should find identical substitution subjects instead. This reorganized curriculum will only apply to the freshmen.aaConsequently, currently enrolled students who need or want to complete the former curriculum need to keep in mind that their standard of enrolling for these courses is based on their admission year. However, the new system to evaluate students is deemed ‘relative evaluation’, which means sharing common features for the pre-enrollment students and the currently enrolled freshmen. Furthermore, although the curriculum is reformed, the self-registration system for enrolling in classes has not changed; it remains the same. Thus, students enrolling in the aforementioned thirty-nine subjects must know that they need to use the general electives (IEI) tab. Lastly, JBNU’s Department of Bachelor’s Management instructed others that there will be no alternation for the time of enrollment of courses.aa● JBNU Language Education Center Introduces New Foreign Languagesaaaaaaa aaIn September 2019, JBNU Language Education Center (LEC) introduced Spanish, German, French, and Vietnamese courses, in addition to existing Japanese, and Chinese courses. In Jeollabuk-do, there were few places to learn foreign languages originally. As a result, JBNU LEC introduced several new courses, allowing residents as well as students to learn various languages. For the newly appointed classes in French, Spanish, Vietnamese and German, you can learn beginner level content, such as the alphabet, phonics, and simple conversation. JBNU LEC stated, “The new classes are mostly elementary level, but if students request advanced lectures constantly, we are fully willing to open them. In addition, we are planning to hire native instructors for each language if we have advanced lectures.” Finally, JBNU LEC stated, “We hope to provide Middle East language classes too, such as Turkish and Indonesian for more minority language learners. Also, it helps local residents and students to have continual interest in foreign languages.”aa(If you visit the website of JBNU Language Education Center, you can see the information about how to apply, how long you have to apply, how to get a refund, and the instructors’ information i