rance of Late Spring in Jeonbuka  a a aKwon Jong-hwan, Reportera  a a aSince I did not spend my childhood in Jeollabuk-do, when I think of Jeollabuk-do, I acanthink of anything aother thana aagriculture. Soa during my freshman year, I didn’t even plan to travel Jeonbuk because I’a was not really interested in agriculture. However, through amy trip to Namwon, the bottom right edge of Jeonbuk, I could see another aspect of Jeonbuk. If you visit Namwon in May, you can feel more than what I had felt. a a a aNamwonaFamous for both Chunhyangjeon (the story of Chunhyang) and Cheuo-tang (or loach soup), Namwon is a place where you can feel the charming late spring atmosphere. And besides, the main character of Chunhyangjeon, Korea’s most famous romance folk tale, ‘Chunhyang’ itself means ‘fragrance of spring’ in Korean. a a a aBaraebongaLocation:a aYongsan-ri, Unbong-eup, Namwon-si, Jeollabuk-doaAdmission Fee: FreeaMy first destination was Baraebong. ‘Bong’ means peak in Korean and Baraebong was one of the peaks in Jirisan, the second highest mountain in South Korea. It is famous for its’ royal azalea fields which flowers bloom for a whole month. Unfortunately, when I visited Baraebong, not a single flower was bloominga because of the cold weather during recentlya. However, I acould see flower buds on every branch and was surprised by the hills which were afilled with royal azalea coloniesa. The reason why flowers bloom throughout the whole month in these ahills lies in the mountain itself. Flowers start to bloom from the bottom of the peak and spread to a higher region. Therefore, if flowers aat the lower aregion fall off, flowers in the top region will be in full bloom. aAlthough these flowers are beautiful to see, this large royal azalea field also has an interesting astory. If you look down from the top of the peak, you can see large fields with clear borders unlike other parts of the land. Local residents say there was a sheep pasture many years ago. In the 1970s, sheep from these pastures ate all the plants except the royal azalea because royal azalea possesses a weak apoison. Therefore, asheep aare avast colony of royal azalea. Baraebong aRoyal aAzalea aFestival will be held from April 24atha ato May 19atha. I hope everyone who reads this article awill get the chance to see this festival of pink flowers like I did. a  a a aSAEJIP Chueo-tangaLocation:a a9, Cheongeo-gil, Namwon-si, Jeollabuk-do, Republic of KoreaaPrice: Chueo-tang: 9,000a₩aOpening Hours: 9AM-9PMaContact address: 063-625-2443a aMany Chueo-tang restaurants, including aones I have seen ain my hometown, often have a‘Namwon’ ain athe name. So I was curious why Chueo-tang of Namwon is so popular. After a short hikea to Baraebong, I visited Chueo-tang aStreet in the downtown area where Chueo-tang restaurants aare groupeda on one street. If you walk a little further adown the road, you can see SAEJIP Chueo-tang. aThe restaurant aisa so packed with people that ayoua almost afeel sorry to sit alone aat a table for four. It was nearly lunch time when I visited the restaurant and aita was very busy. Side dishes are prepared per person and you can take out the food. aLayers of plastic table cloths aon the table make it aeasy to clean quicklya. aWhen I tasted Chueo-tang, I was a little confused. It tasted slightly different compared to Chueo-tang I had tasted in other restaurants before. Its’ fishy flavor is slightly heavier aand thicker and I acould see dried radish greens in the soup. I thought this Chueo-tang has a deeper and stronger taste due to the radish greens and the soup itself. I understood why the restaurant informs customers not to add too many aspices to athe soup. a  a a aGwanghallu-Won (Gwanghallu Garden) & Chunhyang Theme Parka a aGwanghallu-WonaLocation:a a1447, Yocheon-ro, Namwon-si, Jeollabuk-do, Republic of KoreaaAdmission Fee: 3,000a₩ a(Free admission from 7PM to 8PM in summera, and 6PM to 8PM in winter time.)aOpening Hours: 8AM-8PMaChunhyang Theme ParkaLocation:a a1447, 12, Yangnim-gil, Namwon-si, Jeollabuk-do, Republic of KoreaaAdmission Fee: 3,000a₩ a(If you have a ticket for Gwanghallu-Won, you’ll get 1,200a₩ adiscount!)aOpening Hours: 9AM-8PM (9AM to 7PM in winter time)aContact address: 063-620-6836aNot far from SAEJIB, you can see a traditional Korean style gate right by the road. A afew tour buses were stopped at the front of the gate when I visited and I could see people aof different ages entering the apark. a‘Won’ means garden in Koreana aso the meaning of Gwanghallu-Won is Gwanghallu aGarden. I was surprised to know that this garden ais 600 years old this year! Gwanghallu was built in 1419, and it was called ‘Gwangtongnu’ when built by Hwang Hui, during his abanishment from participating in the politics of the country. It is a typical government garden from Joseon dynasty (1392~1910),a ahowever its’ true value shined when the story called Chunhyangjeon, the Romeo and Juliet of aKorea; hit Korea ain the late Joseon period. Chunhyang and Yi Mong-ryong, the two main characters in the story, first meet in Gwanghallu and begin atheir love affair. This is the reason why Namwon is called the ‘aCity of aLove’. aI saw many lovers and tourists aof all ages having a good time walking aaround the garden and taking pictures in front of Gwanghallu. I could see some children feeding carps and senior couples sitting on a bench to rest. It was very peaceful and comfortable. It was a shame because I can’t see Chunhyang festival will hold from May 8atha ato May 12atha ain Gwanghallu-Won.aThere are few bridges that connect Gwanghallu-Won and Chunhyang Theme Park. If you walk approximately five to ten minutes after crossing the bridge, you can arrive at Chunhyang Theme Park. aIt was made up with five parts, following the main stream of Chunhyangjeon. Encounter with each other, Pledge, Parting, Trial, and a happy ending with festival. Through the road leading up the hills, each parts has lots of other entertainments like swings, rabbit farms, torture experience, and even locks of love like Seine River. aAt the top of the theme park, there is a summerhouse named ‘summerhouse of single-heartedness’. In there, you can see whole theme park at one sight. a  a a aWhen I first planed this trip, I was half in doubt. I was worried and nervous because it was my first trip to visit Namwon. Despite I heard some information from my dormitory roommate, I felt uncomfortable from the fact that I have nobody to inform me about my trip except my cell phone. Most of my information was from internet and I knew information from online was sometimes, inaccurate. However, I met a taxi driver kind enough to explain locations and features of each sight. I learned many important data like past location of sheep pastures, how tourist can see royal azalea throughout whole month, the most famous Chueo-tang restaurant in Chueo-tang street, and bridges which connect Gwanghalluwon and Chunhyang Theme Park aofa. Thanks to his kindness, my fear about this trip disappeareda and I asafely finish my atrip to Namwon. Therefore, if you are worried because you doesn’t know much about the Jeonbuk region, how about visiting Namwon and feel the acity of love’s late spring. 