ampusaaJBNU Holds Autumn Festival: Stranger Things in JBNUaaaaaaa aaOn September 20, the JBNU Autumn Festival: “Stranger Things” was held. The Autumn Festival is a one-day festival, unlike the Daedong Festival held for three days in May. The special thing about this festival was that it was held against the background of Halloween. The festival featured an event that if you take a picture with a ghost walking around the campus and post it on SNS, small gifts were given. A flea market was also held on the street at old- gate from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. There was various product made by student such as dry flower, candle, clothes, shoes and cookies. Food sales started at 5:30pm at the small playground, the main location of the festival. Nearly eight food trucks including coffee, snacks and waffles, were located on the small grounds and allowed students to enjoy the festival. With the opening speech of the student council president the celebratory stage performance began, followed by dancing and singing by several performer including ‘Entertainment', 'NOMOS', and 'Zwagger as well as some college clubs. The last performer was Jang Beom-June, who made headlines with his recently released drama OST. Students and festival attendees flooded the grounds, making a fantastic ending to the Autumn Festival.aa aaThe Union of Students’ Club Introduces New Direct Election Systemaaaaaaa aaThe Union of Students’ Club is the center of all club activities. Through its activities, the Union of Students’ Club gives meaningful things to club members and represents all clubs’ goals and welfare. The Union of Students’ Club held a meeting of representatives of The Jeonbuk Univ. Club at JBNU Culture Center on August 23rd, 2019. In this meeting, two problems were dealt with intensively. First, the club building renovation project was discussed. The Union of Students’ Club heard all club members’ opinions and negotiated with JBNU president to have an air conditioning and heating system installed. Also, all club rooms will have glass walls and glass doors. The second item of discussion was the direct election system. The election system of the Union of Students’ Club existed as an indirect election system until last year, at which only three representatives from each club were allowed to vote. There were a few problems. For example, some candidates campaigned only for club representatives, not other club members. The direct election system, which 53 out of 79 people supported, will be enforced through online voting. In addition, the Election Commission will continue its duties for the election by announcing the election schedule and compiling a voter list. President Lee Dong-min of the Union of Students’ Club said, “This is the first time for all club members to vote in the Union of Students’ Club after direct election system was introduced. I wish every club member vote in this election actively.”aa aaCentral Audit Committee Executes First Semester Auditaaaaaaa aaThe JBNU Central Audit Committee is a task force team that audits each college’s account book. The Central Audit Committee examines documents that each college submits and executes an audit based on the documents. From July 12~13, the Central Audit Committee examined such accounting documents, and from July 17~19, it audited the accounts of independent student organizations. On the positive side, the College of Commerce and Education were considered exemplary organizations, while the College of Nursing and Public Policy were seen as superb organizations. Meanwhile, the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, and Art received warning for non-compliance in providing their bankbooks on July 19, as well as having a rate of receipts lower than 97%. Similarly, the College of Art violated the use of a single account and had a rate of receipts lower than 95%. As a result, these two colleges were not awarded their second semester’s funding dividend. Auditors based their assessment on 40% acquisition, 30% accounting report, 20% business process, and 10% compliance with submission date. Additionally, the JBNU Central Audit Committee will conduct a second semester audit on 16 colleges for the first time.aaJBNU Reorganizes Grade Evaluationaaaaaaa aaJBNU grade evaluation have changed since the second semester. It was revised on July 18, 2019 and it is the first time after 2007. In addition, when President Kim Dong-won was a candidate, he suggested expanding the absolute evaluation of major education as a pledge. Starting with the second semester of 2019, JBNU’s grade evaluation system will be changed to an absolute evaluation grade. While a candidate for university president, Professor Kim Dong-won pledged to examine the possibility of changing from a relative evaluation grading system for major subject grades to an absolute evaluation grading system. This pledge has now become reality for students at JBNU.aaThe previous grade evaluation was relative evaluation in both liberal arts and majors. However, the revised grade evaluation allowed a chair or the professor of a major to designate an absolute evaluation subject according to the characteristics of the subject. Relative evaluation allows A accounts for 30% of all students. So, there is a problem that professor gives an A to students who do not have enough ability for A. Students use tricks that they gather minimum number of people to fulfill absolute evaluation. If JBNU conducts an absolute evaluation, we can expect merits that ascend professor’s discretionary power and encourage students to study on their own initiative in spite of competition. Previously, grades were given using a relative evaluation system in liberal arts and other majors. However, this new system will allow a department chair or professor to outline the absolute evaluation grades based on the characteristics of the subject. The previous relative evaluation system posed a problem as 30% of the class would receive an A, regardless of whether the student fulfilled the qualifications for receiving an A. On the other hand, because 30% of students in a class received A’s and 30% B’s, those who should have gotten A’s or B’s were prevented from doing so as a result of not using an absolute evaluation system. It is important for students to appreciate JBNU’s change from a relative evaluation system to an absolute evaluation, so they receive the grade most reflective of their efforts in the class and on their exams.