, which was selected as the best teaching University last year, continues to attract public attention through intensifying educational competitiveness. First, CBNU remodeled the first floor of the study library and the inside of its headquarters to expand students’ study rooms. Through this remodeling, CBNU made six study rooms in the first floor of study library and an audio-visual room for seminars. The previous headquarters was also reconstructed to offer places for students finding jobs and for foundations, so soon it will be opened to students and used to study. In addition, CBNU is improving various systems such as reinforcement of major classes, ensuring internal stability to make the university teach well. In particular, it seeks change of various colleges to teach creatively. It plans to raise teaching method with students' capabilities through establishment of a fastidious college system. At first, it enforced the ‘75 minute class module’ to ensure internal stability of class operation and efficiency. In addition, it will change the score system to grade system and enforce relative evaluation to avoid score inflation. Furthermore, it will extend the range of classes that students can have through a shopping basket. There is no inadequacy to choose proper classes with a credit abandonment system. In particular, it is imposed for students to manage their grades systematically by their own grade management system. What CBNU considers most important is to intensify basic education. For this reason, it has founded a basic refinement institute and tried to reinforce students' basic education. The Basic Refinement Institute, founded recently, has been expanded and reorganized by exclusive organization. Accordingly, it handles everything that has to do with the whole educational process such as development and organization of the refinement education process, operation administration of colleges, and estimation. Furthermore, it is responsible for the development of teaching method for professors, learning method for students to improve communicative ability, and counseling about learning and writing. It is going to accomplish study and cooperation of E-learning between participating universities, supporting E-learning for course operation, and similar things.