 LINC (Leaders in Industry University Cooperation) now supports marketing business to help family companies to strengthen their competitiveness and to enter the overseas market. This project is a good opportunity for companies and students to develop together and students can gain real-life experience. Marketing support businesses are helping students to do catalogs, and package design development for family companies. CBNU has supported seven companies’ marketing by cooperating with students, family companies, and professional designers starting last June for three months. Also, recently and award was given to evaluate and to encourage students, and two students received the grand prize. The leader of LINC business, Seol Kyeong-won, said, “This business got good responses by developing student’s careers and improving family companies’ competitiveness. I will continuously support students’ step-by-step growth for family companies to enter the overseas market and make a system that can be win-win.” aCBNU LINC (Leaders in Industry University Cooperation) now supports marketing business to help family companies to strengthen their competitiveness and to enter the overseas market. This project is a good opportunity for companies and students to develop together and students can gain real-life experience. Marketing support businesses are helping students to do catalogs, and package design development for family companies. CBNU has supported seven companies’ marketing by cooperating with students, family companies, and professional designers starting last June for three months. Also, recently and award was given to evaluate and to encourage students, and two students received the grand prize. The leader of LINC business, Seol Kyeong-won, said, “This business got good responses by developing student’s careers and improving family companies’ competitiveness. I will continuously support students’ step-by-step growth for family companies to enter the overseas market and make a system that can be win-win.” a a a 