제목Information for Registration - 2006 Fall semester                    Admin  | 2006-10-02 | 조회 5562본문 내용						Information for Registration
(The graduate programs for Overseas Koreans and International students-2006 Fall semester)


1. Payment of Application Fee 

A. The time limit and place of payment
- The time limit of payment : August 17, 2006~August 18, 2006
- The place of payment : Jeonbuk Bank or every branch office of National Agricultural Cooperative Federation

B. The distribution of payment bill
Payment bill will be delivered from International Affairs Office to successful candidates with the Certificate of Admission, and also will be delivered to the department you applied. Successful candidates should receive the payment bill and pay the bill to the designated bank in person or through the representative in Korea.

2. Register for courses
Register for courses should be done after consultation with the appropriate department office.
-The Period of Register for courses : August 10, 2006 ~ August 22, 2006
-Place : Department office, Computer Lab, Student Service Center, Information & Computer Center
-How : After consultation with the appropriate department, the person himself or herself should put information directly through LAN or Internet(OASIS).
※ In case of using Internet, it is possible to register outside the university.

3. The documents for submission
The following documents for submission should be input at OASIS(http://oas.chonbuk.ac.kr/index.jsp) and printed, then should be submitted on the day of registration to the registration place of the college you applied.
A. Student College Register Possession-History Card 2 sheets(photo attached)
B. One sheet of written application for a bank account(photo, a copy set of Aliens Registration certificate)
※ Using both as a student's ID card.

4. How to input the Student College Register Possession-History Card and written application for a bank account

Click the homepage of Chonbuk National University → Click '학생 LOGIN'→ Click '학생학적보유-신상카드 등록' → After inputting individual information click 'save(저장) '→ Click '학생학적보유-신상카드인쇄' on the right of the upper row → Click '학생증발급용 예금거래신청서 인쇄'

※ Please submit 2 sheets of Student College Register Possession-History Card(photo attached) and one sheet of written application for a bank account(photo attached) to the registration place of the college you applied.


5. Treatment of unenrolled students
Since you are not admitted into the college if you do not pay the registration fee or do not finish the registration according to abovementioned procedure by the designated date, you SHOULD fulfill the procedure.

6. Treatment of students who do not register
Even though you pay the registration fee, you will be removed from the register if you do not register. Please be sure to fulfill the procedure.

7. You should arrive at Chonbuk National University at least one week before the opening of courses. If you do not gain entrance into Korea, you are not permitted to enter the college. Please be sure to complete all the procedure in relation to entry into the country.

8. The date of admission and the opening of courses : August 28, 2006(Mon)


June 13, 2006


Chonbuk National University					0