제목Escalating the Global Status by forming contracts with top universities in the USA                    Admin  | 2007-08-09 | 조회 4280본문 내용						Escalating the Global Status by forming contracts with top universities in the USA

Chonbuk National University (CBNU) continues to reinforce the global status by forming a contract through the Academic Exchange Agreement with top universities in the USA successfully, after doing so with the leading Japanese universities.

Dr. Geo-suk Suh, President of CBNU, had visited Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri and Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia, to discuss the method of a university level exchange and development.

President Geo-suk Suh met with the President of Washington University, Mark Wrighton, on August 27th and had an in-depth discussion about a contract of academic exchange. President Suh also visited the Law School and discussed the cooperation for the induction of the Law School at CBNU. In the evening, President Suh discussed the system and policy fundraising with David Blasingame, Vice-President for University Development.

Located in the mid-western USA, Washington University is a prestigious university that has produced 17 Nobel Prize winners.

Along the line, President Suh visited Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia, and signed an agreement of exchange with Charles W. Steger, President of Virginia Tech. With this agreement, Virginia Tech became the 76th sister university to CBNU.
Virginia Tech also promised to cooperate with CBNU's Veterinary College after transferring to Ik-San University.

Prior to the President's schedule, Dr. Choon-Eui Hong, Vice-President for External Cooperation, had visited Boise State University and discussed the Agreement of Academic Exchange and the IDDP (International Dual Degree Program) with  Sona Andrews, Vice-President of Administrative Office, and Diane Boothe, Dean of Education College.

Dr. Hong also visited our sister university, North Dakota State University, and discussed the IDDP with Joseph Chapman, President of NDSU. They reached an accord on Execution of the IDDP as of 2008.

These progress will assist CBNU tremendously, not only to become a more globalized university both inbound and outbound exchange, but this will also establish a constituency for the top 100 universities in the world.					00b465cfe5427038f14c620efa28492998.jpgCount : 2280088 K