제목UI Rector, Somantri receives Honorary Doctorate from Chonbuk National University                    웹마스터  | 2011-03-10 | 조회 1512본문 내용						“A new partnership with CBNU…Hope to collaborate and become world-renown institutions”  

“I feel very honored to receive this Honorary Doctorate degree from Chonbuk National University, one of Korea’s prestigious universities. By developing a new partnership with CBNU, I hope both of our universities can leap into becoming world-renown institutions.”

As the president of Universitas Indonesia(UI), Dr. der Soz. Gumilar R. Somantri expressed his thoughts after the Honorary Doctorate degree conferment on February 22nd at the 2010 CBNU Graduation Ceremony. 

President Somantri received an Honorary Doctorate degree in Politics at CBNU with his accomplishments as a world-renown scholar in political science. As a representative of Indonesia, he has done a consilient research on variety of political science issues that came to the fore in the modern society, and also received many attentions from the international society by presenting a sustainable development model.

Especially in 2007, as the youngest President of Universitas Indonesia’s history, he has placed his institution into Asia’s Top 50 universities by initiating innovative improvements in the educational and research environment. Also, by establishing a foundation for the institution to leap into becoming a world’s Top 100 universities, President Somantri is recognized as the most influential leader in Indonesia. 

With President Somantri receiving the Honorary Doctorate degree, there is much anticipation for mutual exchange between CBNU and Indonesia, and also hope for brisk collaboration with a top-class university located in Southeast Asia’s core nation.

Especially, if the cooperative exchange program between the two universities undergoes systematic institutionalization following last year’s MOU, it is expected to create a positive effect by preoccupying and surpassing other domestic universities in activities engaged with Indonesia and Southeast Asia. 

Furthermore, both universities hope to promote substantial mutual exchange and cooperative relations between Jeonbuk’s local government and regional areas in Indonesia. Also, with local corporations actively entering into the Indonesian market, CBNU expects to see positive effects at local levels.

“When our university officials visited Universitas Indonesia last year, President Somantri and I made a promise to carry forward future joint researches and student exchanges between UI, a key university of the core nation in Southeast Asia and CBNU, the representative university in Northeast Asia”, said President Suh during the degree conferment. He continued, “I firmly believe today’s Honorary Doctorate degree will spark new energy to both of our universities’ specialized internationalization and, I am also confident that this will serve as a momentum for various local collaborations between Indonesia and Korea.”

President Somantri responded, “I am extremely honored to receive this meaningful degree at Chonbuk National University, a top university in Korea”, he then continued, “I hope Universitas Indonesia and Chonbuk National University, and furthermore, Indonesia and Korea can develop further partnership in order to become world-renown institutions.”					00dc39aa16df6359f9dc7aee8be1a41a6e.jpgCount : 20271822 K