제목The “Light of Einstein"                    Admin  | 2005-05-04 | 조회 3783본문 내용						By Lee Ji-ye, Reporter 
　"Five, four, three, two, one, zero!" "Wow!" With audience members' resounding voices, at 8:15 p.m. last April 19, the £¿Light of Einstein£¿ arrived at the fountain of Chonbuk National University from Mount Moak. At the very moment, citizens and students directed the flashes emitted from their cell phones or luminous sticks toward the middle of the fountain. The lights kept making the fountain brighter for ten minutes, and then they again left for Mount Woonjang.

　Four girl students from Hanil High School gave successive exclamations, saying that they were pleased to see such a grand event in their hometown. They also smiled, mentioning that they skipped supplementary lessons in order to participate in this "World Light Festival" (세계 빛 축제).

　The Light of Einstein, which had made its first start in Princeton in the United States, arrived in Busan at 8:00 p.m. and was then divided into two sections. One portion reached Daejeon by way of Kwangju and Jeonju, and the other arrived in Daejeon via Pohang and Daegu. After the two segment were reunited, the light was then taken to Seoul.

　This year marks the centennial anniversary of the discovery of the Theory of Relativity by Albert Einstein and the fiftieth anniversary of his death. Celebrations have begun all over the world to commemorate the great genius and his feats. The United Nations has designated 2005 as the "Year of the World Physics." Chonbuk University too has held diverse lectures and events to discuss Einstein. On April 7, the university invited Dr. Park Seok-jae from Korea Astronomy and Space Science (한국천문연구원) to give an open lecture with the title of "Black holes pop and pop" at the Mathematics and Science Hall (수리과학관). In addition, the university prepared a traditional Korean music performance, a fireworks display, and a campfire for the World Light Festival slated on April 19, but regrettably, those arrangements were cancelled due to that day's bad weather. However, in spite of the rainstorm, the ceremony to receive light held at the fountain was successfully performed.

　"I was so sorry that we had to call off almost all the programs because of rain. However, I'm satisfied that this event helped the general public to make contact with science in an amusing and familar way," said Dr. Lee Jeong-gun, dean of the physics department. 

The Chonbuk Herald(May 2, 2005 Vol. 180)					00241790.jpgCount : 39228471 K