제목Daedongje 2005                    Admin  | 2005-07-14 | 조회 4076본문 내용						By Song Hyeon-jin, Reporter 

2005 Daedongje "Resonance" , starting with the celebration of the university festival eve held on the evening of May 11, continued for four days until the 14th. Chonbuk University's General Students Association dubbed each day of the festival period "takeoff" , "resonance" , "match" , "achievement", respectively. 

Events offered during the Daedongje 

On the first "takeoff" day, the congratulatory celebration began one hour later than planned because of rain. Despite the heavy rain, approximately 300 students and citizens enjoyed various performances given by campus bands, dance clubs and Singers Page and Kim Jang-hoon, and they also had a joyful time listening to or watching folk music or dragon dances. 

On the second "resonance" day, events such as the women's cultural festival, eating Chonbuk University Ham one hundred times more deliciously, and the UBS (University Broadcasting Station) Jeonbuk residents singing contest. Around one hundred citizens and students competed against one another in the preliminary round of the UBS singing contest, and 10 advanced to the finals. Kang Kwang-won from the electronics and information engineering division and Kwak Young-sook from the Chemistry Department won the contest. 

The programs given on the third "match" day, such as the traditional Korean coming-of-age ceremony, making 2,005 portions of bibimbab (rice with assorted mixtures), and Geonjians' day, gained popularity. Especially, participants showed great interest in "making 2,500 servings of bibimbab," which was held at 5:30 p.m. in front of the 1st Student Union Hall. Chancellor of Chonbuk University Doo Jae-kyun mixed bibimbab in a huge bowl, together with Oh Young-ryeol, president of the GSA and several university personnel. 2,500 citizens and Geonjians shared this bibimbab. "Bibimbab containing various ingredients looks so appetizing," Oh Jeong-woo, freshman majoring in semiconductor science and technology, told The Chonbuk Herald. "I'm happy that I'm one of 2,005 persons to share today's bibimbab. It's meaningful to me." 

On the last "achievement" day, this year's university festival wound up with the heptathlon consisting of "sliding on the mud," "piling up automobile tires," "loading as many people as possible into a Tico (the smallest car in the nation)", etc. In this match, members from "Hanulmam," a singing club consisting of sociology majors, won the championship. 

Looking back on 2005 Daedongje 

This year's Daedongje was characterized by events for Jeonbuk residents, not only for Geonjians. Unlike previous years, two citizens advanced to the final round of the UBS singing contest. In the bibimbab program, quite a few citizens participated and enjoyed the dish along with their family members. 

Meanwhile, many Geonjians didn't seem to have much interest in the Daedongje. The dance competition, which used to be one of the most popular events for the previous years, was canceled this year because only four teams applied. Also, only five teams took part in the cooking contest named "eating Chonbuk University Ham one hundred times more deliciously." 

"As most of the Daedongje events are arranged and enjoyed by campus club organizations, Geonjians who don't belong to clubs can't help feeling isolated," said Kim Young-hwan, a freshman from the environmental and chemical engineering division. In fact, it's been a long time since it became a rule for those students who are not members of extracurricular activity clubs or student councils to deliberately absent themselves from university during the period of Daedongje. 

Daedongje means a festival in which participants become one. Therefore, during Daedongje, three main bodies of the institution, that is, students, professors, and officials, should be one. In addition. the festival should try to obtain residents' affection and participation. This year's Daedongje is worthy of prais in that it encouraged citizens to enjoy the festival. However, it leaves something to be desired because Geonjians, the real hosts of the festival, were indifferent to their own affair. 

grs@chonbuk.ac.kr 

The Chonbuk Herald(July 11, 2005)					00240235.jpgCount : 45150665 K