제목[People-Interview] Professor Yoon Chung-won and TI                    Admin  | 2006-10-01 | 조회 4492본문 내용						[People-Interview] Professor Yoon Chung-won and TI

Professor Yoon Chung-won has served in the department of international trade for about thirty years. He is also the manager of Trade Incubator team and show deep affection for Chonbuk National University he graduated from.

Q : What is TI team? What is its basic goal?
A: TI(Trade Incubator) is a national policy work promoted by the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy and Korea International Trade Association since 2001. They selected a team to cultivate trade professionals and support the export of small and medium enterprises by educating students and supporting the field training. The basic goal of TI in our university is training the trade professionals.

Q : What are the requirements to apply for Trade Incubator team?
A : Enthusiastic sophomores and juniors among Geonjians can apply it regardless of their major. The members join in an intensive business practice education, foreign language program, and domestic and international field training. They also visit trade fairs and exhibitions to pick out foreign buyers and open up a new market.

Q : The Ministry of Commerce and the Korea International Trade Association evaluate 25 teams of each university and select and excellent team. Chonbuk National University TI has been selected as one of the excellent teams for two years. What is the key?
A: I think it results from our team's various activities to achieve the basic goal. It is also because the members, manager, and assistants have made every effort with pride and self-confidence about their activities. 

Q : How can you be the manager of TI?
A : In June 2001, I heard the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy planed to select some local universities and operate TI teams. I thought the national policy work had to be promoted in our university through conferring with the administration considering our university as a central university around Jeonbuk area and difficulties small and medium sized enterprises located in this area meet. Finally, after we did our best, our university was selected in 5:1 competition rate.

Q : Do you have any memorable episodes while operating TI?
A : We have a lot of unforgettable episodes. For example, there are many buyers who indulge in trade fraud in Africa including Benin. Recently, a buyer from Benin told to order 400,000 dollar of Kimchi on the condition of telegraphic transfer. But how can they handle such a large quantity of Kimchi in hot Africa? Actually a few days ago we requested credit research about the buyer to Kotra Lagos Trade Instituted and they notified about the buyer was 100 percentage fraud trader.

Q : What do you want to say to Geonjians preparing employment?
A : They should do their best to make the highest competence in a foreign language and a special field for global age. Then, I recommend to extend their knowledge of foreign countries and decide what they do. They also should make an effort to cultivate their personality, service spirit, and democracy citizen consciousness.					0